Lu Chengwen
I actually really regret it.
Not cherishing your feelings for me before.
Can't we
just start over?
No.
Why?
Xu Xuejiao isn't your girlfriend at all.
And you don't have anyone you like.
Right?
When did I blow my cover?
No.
I do have someone I like.
I really do.
It's that...
Who is it?
It's...
Young Master Lu got bailed out already?
It's my secretary, Jiang Shihan.
If you don't believe me, ask Little Xuejiao.
Shihan's mother is seriously ill.
I humbly begged Xuejiao for a long time,
before she agreed to help save her mother.
Thank you, Xuejiao.
What are you thanking me for?
You traded your pharma factory's
18 billion in shares for this.
Right.
He used the pharma factory's shares?
Yeah.
I like her.
I love her.
I've fallen for her.
I want to bring her home to be my wife.
Young Master Lu picking up girls
is certainly generous.
That's just the kind of thing I do.
Scumbag.
He actually, for a secretary...
spent 18 billion.
Believe me now?
Get lost.
Let's go.
Young Master Lu.
Let's go sign the contract right now.
Let's go.
Bye-bye.
You didn't even look closely.
Aren't you afraid I'll scam you?
If you wanted to scam me,
how could I possibly defend against it?
He actually didn't back out.
He really signed it.
Does he even know
what he's doing?
This is 18 billion!
It can't be
that he really has feelings for Jiang Shihan, right?
You...
Why did you sign this contract?
Isn't this what you asked for?
Since I agreed to it,
I naturally have to do it.
Going back on my word
is not an option.
Lu Chengwen,
what exactly are you trying to do?
What do you mean?
You just made 18 billion!
If you let me make that much money,
I'd probably kneel down and bow to you.
Are you crazy?
Just take the shares and leave.
Be a good girl and follow your plot.
Hurry up and go find Gu Zhantian.
Let's just stay out of each other's way.
Isn't that good?
So,
he did this just to get rid of me?
Does he really hate me that much?
Am I really that annoying to you?
Do you want to drive me away that badly?
Little Xuejiao...
Lu Chengwen,
I'm not you.
I won't trade a patient's life for profit.
These shares,
you can keep them for yourself.
He's looking at me so seriously.
Could it be...
Maybe...
they can hear what I'm thinking?
Xu Xuejiao, oh, Xu Xuejiao.
I originally wanted to let the Xu family off the hook.
But since you're rushing to your death,
Lu Chengwen is going to attack the Xu family?
Little Xuejiao,
since that's the case,
I'll just keep the shares then.
And as for you,
you should stay too.
How did Lu Chengwen turn back into
this jerk again?
Which one is the real him?
No, no.
His pulse is racing.
He's very nervous.
He...
is faking it.
Brother Chengwen,
since when
did you figure out
that I can hear your inner thoughts?
You...
Brother Chengwen,
since
you want me to stay,
then
starting from today,
I'll be sticking to you all the time.
Don't do anything crazy!
Brother Chengwen,
what are you talking about?
I just want to
get to know you better.
This Xu Xuejiao is way too bizarre.
How did she see right through me?
Dad.
You little brat.
Hurry up and go to the Chen family's place.
The old master says he wants to see you.
If you're late,
I'll break your legs.
I got it, Dad.
Old Master.
This medicine...
...works pretty well, right?
Yeah.
Thank you, Old Master, for not...
...stooping to my level before.
The business world...
...is like a battlefield.
I was simply outskilled.
What's there to hold a grudge over?
That's why they say you have a broad vision.
Right?
Brother Chengwen is here!
Grandpa, have some fruit after your medicine.
Okay.
Haha.
Xiaoqi.
You smelly loser.
Peeking at Xiaoqi again.
Are you worthy?
Take a look at yourself in the mirror.
How could she look...
...like my first love goddess?
You brat.
Seize the opportunity.
What's going on?
Mengyun's figure and looks...
...and inner beauty...
What man wouldn't want to marry her?
You brat.
Stop pretending.
Hahaha.
Mengyun.
Chen Mengyun.
One of the four main female leads.
Jiao Shiheng lusted after her beauty.
He drugged her to take advantage of her.
Luckily, Gu Zhantian arrived in time.
So Chen Mengyun was saved from disaster.
I was wondering why the fourth female lead hadn't appeared.
Turns out she's not on my villain storyline.
That means...
Chen Mengyun has nothing to do with me.
Then I can rest easy.
No need to run away.
Strange.
I seem to be able to hear Lu Chengwen's inner thoughts.
But why can't I understand them?
The fruit is ready.
Come have some fruit.
I called him over for you.
Grandpa is the best, right?
Grandpa!
What are you talking about?
What do you mean called him over?
This fruit was just airlifted from abroad.
Try some.
Thanks.
If all of this is true...
That would be so great.
He seems to
really like me.
Tomorrow night,
I've booked the entire Haicheng Cinema.
Both of you are going.
Dating a female lead from
another villain's storyline
shouldn't affect the plot, right?
When Gu Zhantian saves her later,
she'll still be his.
Mengyun,
Grandpa is hoping you
get married soon
and have a baby.
In a person's whole life,
the only thing you truly care about
in the end
is family.
Grandpa,
I still need to find someone I like.
That's right.
You get together with someone you like,
and then
get married and have a baby.
Then a family of three...
How happy would that be?
Right?
Alright then,
you two keep chatting.
I'll head back to my room first.
Thank you.
Hello?
Mr. Jiao?
Mr. Jiao.
Jiao Shiheng.
Looks like this kid's time is up.
Tomorrow night?
Tomorrow night might not work.
I have plans tomorrow night.
What?
Tomorrow night?
I've affected the main plot!
Darn it!